MERN internship notes:

1.client side and server side
2.powerfull language 
3.React and angular are popular frameworks for JavaScript

Addition
Subtraction
Multiplication
Division
Quotient
Remainder
Arrow functions:
1.TO increase readability
2.We can create functions without names
3.Is called as arrow functions
const greet = () => "Hello, World!";
console.log(greet());


  [document.getElementById("response").innerHTML = howareyou();]
   obj . fun  (id_name)  .  property = namefunc()\


design a simple calculator by getting 2 numbers as input and display addition sub mul div qoution remainder for the two number by creating individual arrow functions for the same 


promise method types:
*when there is more than one promise in order to review them we can use promise inbuilt methods according to requirement
.all()
.any()
.allsettled()
.race() 


once it sees a promise false it stops - all()
give the shortest time promise - 



monitoring the impact of effect can be done using hook



useEffect Hook
The useEffect hook is like a constructor in Java. It automatically gets executed when the component is rendered.
It monitors changes in variables or state and allows us to perform specific actions based on these changes.
A key part of useEffect is the dependency array, which tells React what to watch for.


use effects :
1.Callback function - Constructor in java(automatically gets executed)
2.dependency array



State : a state is a callback function & user info from 






MongoDB and Mongosh
MongoDB is a popular NoSQL database used to store data in a JSON-like format.
The MongoDB shell (mongosh) provides an interactive environment to:
Run queries
Manage databases
Perform administrative tasks




MONGOSH :
THE mongodb shell gives you an interactive environtment where you can run queries , manage database and perform 




name,model,color,price, (another object: vedor name, vendor price )

1.list out particular model laptops 
2. change its status to avaialbe to unavailable 
3. 





Node.js:
Runtime environment that allows you to run javascript on the server side.

run command:
always start the server first --- node server.js
command to run client ---> npm start
we can delete package.json to get it back cmd : npm init -y


when we write a api for exclusive purpose we call it as rest api

cors 
when a webpage get a information form a resourse wheather to accept the request and process it or not will be defined in the rule book for this purpose we use cards 



